Remove unnecessary check (#89)
commercetools/commercetools-payment-to-order-processor: README.md

```

## Congfiguration values

### Required
| Name | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CTP_CREDENTIALS_CLIENTID | OAuth 2.0 `client_id` and can be used to obtain a token. |  |
| CTP_CREDENTIALS_CLIENTSECRET | OAuth 2.0 `client_secret` and can be used to obtain a token.	 | |
| CTP_CREDENTIALS_PROJECTKEY | commercetools project key | |
| CREATEORDER_ENCRYPTION_SECRET | Encryption secret used for order creation API | |
| CREATEORDER_ENDPOINT_URL | URL used for order creation API | |

### Optional
| Name | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | CREATEORDER_CREATEORDERON | Comma separated list. On which payment transactions will be an order created. | `AUTHORIZATION,CHARGE` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CREATEORDER_CREATEORDERON | Comma separated list of payment status, on which an order will be created. | `AUTHORIZATION,CHARGE` |
```
